When the Indian Sugar Committee was travelling round the world on behalf of the Indian Government, they came to Java, and visited the estate of which I was managing director. They collected evidence about street betting at that time, and I would like to give two quotations from their report: "Evidence has also been brought before the Committee to show that street bookmakers bet not only with men but with women and children" and "The purpose of this Bill is to try to remove the temptation"

asked the Minister of Health whether he has sanctioned the scheme adopted by the Metropolitan Asylums Board for dealing with persons who desire shelter in casual wards. Will he inform the House of the details of the scheme, the amount of stone that is to be broken, the period such men are to be detained, the hour of the day when they will be released?

Members who were in the House with me some years ago will remember that I considered that the legislation which she introduced in those days was of a kill-joy nature.Between 5.30 and 7.30 in the evening, you see crowds 'of tired workers, girls and men, who have 'been working all day in the City'

asked the Minister of Health whether he has sanctioned the scheme adopted by the Metropolitan Asylums Board for dealing with persons who desire shelter in casual wards. The answer to the first part of the question is 1,892. Women magistrates are appointed on the recommendation of advisory committees which contain representatives of Labour.

asked the Minister of Health whether he has sanctioned the scheme adopted by the Metropolitan Asylums Board for dealing with persons who desire shelter in casual wards. Will he inform the House of the details of the scheme, the amount of stone that is to be broken, the period such men are to be detained, and the hour of the day when they will be released?

'(a) To request the two parties to conform to the three principles enumerated above;(b) To ask Rumania to reinstate her judge on the Mixed Arbitral Tribunal; and (c) to request Rumanian to reinstates her judge.

If his words were inserted subsection (6) would read—                "An agricultural charge shall be no protection in respect of wages due to men or women employed on the farm or of property included in the charge" and so on. Property represents civilisation in the minds of most of us, and that civilisation is itself almost in danger.

Amendment to the Income Tax Act would give women the same tax relief as men. The amendment would also make it illegal for a married woman to pay more tax than her husband. The bill was passed by the House of Commons in a voice vote on Tuesday. The House of Lords voted in favour of the amendment, but not by a large majority.

Hungary refused to accept the principles enunciated in the report of the Committee of Three, and Rumania made their acceptance by Hungary a condition of her agreement to any direct settlement. I know something of the heroism of the poor, but it is a heroism which should not be asked of any man or woman in a civilised, I do not say in a Christian community.

Property at any rate represents civilisation in the minds of most of us, and that civilisation is itself almost in danger owing to the burdens upon the great staple interests of this country. We need to provide people with the opportunities for giving them the best chance of living the best life that they can.

asked the Minister of Health whether he has sanctioned the scheme adopted by the Metropolitan Asylums Board for dealing with persons who desire shelter in casual wards. Asked the Attorney-General the number of women magistrates; and how many of these have been appointed on the advice of Labour bodies.

