asked the Secretary of State for Air the mileage flown in 1921, 1923, 1925 and 1926 by the civil aircraft of Great Britain, Germany, France and Russia. The number of candidates admitted to training colleges in England and Wales in 1926 was 7,735 (2,102 men and 5,633 women), and this number may be taken to represent, approximately, the number of vacancies.

The first Clause says: "If any person being either a male person or a woman not certified under this Act attends a woman in childbirth otherwise than under the direction and personal supervision of a duly qualified medical practitioner" The onus of proof should be on the police or the authorities to say that the woman is doing this habitually for gain and not merely as a case of emergency.

The House of Lords has passed a bill to make it easier for women to get married. The bill would allow women to apply for marriage licenses if they have been married for a year or more. It would also allow them to apply if they were married for more than a year.

This Government is going to pat on the back the men or women who have shirked their moral obligations. This has been the case in regard to aged men and women in the teaching profession, aged policemen and others. We are thrown back on the advice of the "Bad Boy's Book of Beasts," about microbes.

asked the Prime Minister on what date he proposes to make his promised statement on the granting of Parliamentary suffrage to women at the age of 21. If a question on that matter is desired to be put, it had better be addressed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.: Is it not a fact that all the money we are paying, £50,000 a year, is coming from the British taxpayer, and going to the bond-holders under this loan?: No.

It is quite wrong that the onus of proof should be put on the woman. Questions of when it is safe for British nationals, and particularly for British women, to return to the Concession must be left, I think, for the decision of those on the spot. About 17 flying boats of all types are expected to be delivered during 1927.

A woman may find herself short of money at the beginning of the week, and she repays it with one penny interest in five days' time. The Deceased Wife's Marriage Act, 1907, makes it possible for a man to marry his deceased wife's sister, but not her children.

2327: The whole of their lives to the care of these poor deficientients, and with one accord these workers beg for the assistance embodied in this Bill. 2348: The danger is that this Measure will be used, not for charity, but for curing the "social evil" as they call it, by preventing girls being on the streets.

The average numbers of men and women (including young persons over   years of age) ordinarily engaged in some regular occupation who were in receipt of domiciliary Poor Law relief during the months of January, February and March. The dependent wives of those persons were as follow:

asked the Secretary of State for Air the mileage flown in 1921, 1923, 1925 and 1926 by the civil aircraft of Great Britain, Germany, France and Russia. The number of candidates admitted to training colleges in England and Wales in 1926 was 7,735 (2,102 men and 5,633 women), and this number may be taken to represent, approximately, the number of vacancies.

If this Clause passes into law, a wife cannot borrow without letting her husband know, as his name must appear on the contract as one of the parties.Therefore, the wife's fear in the past lest her husband should know of her borrowing will not arise, because he will know at the time she borrows.

I remember once when I was leaving the place in which I used to live, I had a cottage to sell, and I said to the best estate agent I could come across: "Will yon look over that cottage for me?" He did and he said: "If you get £600 for it you will be doing well." I sold it next day for £800, and three months later the lady who bought it sold it again for £1,200.Perhaps that is her fault and not that of the learned draftsman.

There are 842 male clerical officers in the Savings Bank Department and 313 superior posts. 140 candidates in the shorthand-typist examination, held in December, 1926, received no marks for shorthand. A large number of the girls concerned are expert shorthand-Typists, performing identical work with that of established shorthand- typists.

2367   mental treatment to an asylum. 2368    mental treatment for women and girls. 2369     mental treatment for men and boys. 2370    psychiatric treatment for children. 2371     psychiatric treatment for adults. 2372    Psychological treatment for teenagers. 2373     Psychiatric treatment for young men and women.

I welcome any attempt to build up men and women of better character to sustain and hand on the civilisation under which we live, for civilisation, while it is a benefit, also has its obligations. I know from experience I have had in connection with boys and girls over the age of 18, where they have been in an institution under observation.

I think there are no officers in the Army but feel how great is the debt that was owed to the Navy in the War and how great was her share in winning it. The United States certainly is not a signatory, but I believe I am correct in saying that Japan has informally joined, if not.

asked the Prime Minister on what date he proposes to make his promised statement on the granting of Parliamentary suffrage to women at the age of 21. There are 842 male clerical officers in the Savings Bank Department and 313 superior posts. 140 candidates in the shorthand-typist examination, held in December, 1926, received no marks for shorthand.

Member of the House of Commons introduces a motion to ban the sale of intoxicating liquors in Jerusalem and at the railway stations in Palestine. The motion is backed by the Executive of the Education Authorities in Scotland, who set up a committee for the purpose of inquiring into this growing evil.

In many of the mining areas the wife of the miner was getting poor relief herself and her children. I have come across many cases in which the woman has lost her pension. When an aged parent becomes entitled to a pension of another kind, some reduction is made in the pension to which she has been already entitled under this scheme.

The first Clause says: "If any person being either a male person or a woman not certified under this Act attends a woman in childbirth otherwise than under the direction and personal supervision of a duly qualified medical practitioner," etc. The onus of proof should be on the police or the authorities to say that the woman is doing this habitually for gain and not merely as a case of emergency.

There has been a great increase in the number of places licensed for the sale of alcohol in Jerusalem and at the railway stations in Palestine. Is this not in direct opposition to the principles laid down in the League of Nations?: No. Does the Minister of Health say what the special fee would be to Northern Ireland?: That is purely a hypothetical.

There has been a great increase in the number of places licensed for the sale of alcoholic liquors in Jerusalem and at the railway stations in Palestine since that country was taken under our mandate. I do not propose to take any action in the matter. Is this not in direct opposition to the principles laid down in the Covenant of the League of Nations?: No.

